# senior-captsone-spring-2025

# Overview 
This repository contains the code we have been writing as part of our final senior capstone project—the last requirement for undergraduates at the University of Illinois Springfield pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, which must be completed during our final 12 hours of coursework. This project must be completed and turned in by May 2, 2025, at 11:59 PM Central Time. 

## Mockups
Full disclosure: The mockups were generated by ChatGPT based on my prompt for what I want the final product to look like, but there is still a lot to be done. Values are hardcoded here when I want them to be entered by the user, they need to be stored in a DB, I want to change the look, add more ways to sort, and keep things secure with logins/accounts, etc.

But these are 2 ideas. If I/we come up with more ideas, they'll get their own mockups and will end up here. We'll also store the code we actually end up delivering in this repo.

## Chosen Plan 
We have chosen to develop a job-tracking application that will help users track, view, sort, and filter changes in their job applications (like newly submitted applications, offers, rejections, interviews, etc.). We wrote the frontend in React, the database is Postgres, Supbabase hosts it (and handles user authentication, account creation, etc.), and the API is written in Spring Boot Java.  

## Tech Stack
We are building the back end with the Java SpringBoot framework, the front end with React/JS, and the database with PostgreSQL. As of 2/19/25, the database is hosted locally, but it will eventually be on Supabase using their free plan. Supabase will also handle things like authentication, security, etc. 

## Contributors
* Andre da Silva (Backend and Database Lead)
* Nate Elsner (Front- and Backend Support, Documentation Lead)
* *Waleed Kaleem (Frontend Lead)*

# To use on the cloud
* go to www.jobtrack.site
* create an account and sign in
* get started creating, tracking, and visualizing jobs and interviews
